Add note about cost & license to FAIR principles (#76)
carpentries-incubator/fair-research-software: episodes/01-fair-research-software.md

Similar [FAIR principles for software][fair-principles-research-software] have now been defined too. In general, they mean:

* **Findable** - software and its associated metadata must be easy to discover by humans and machines.

> * **Accessible** - in order to reuse software, the software and its metadata must be retrievable by standard protocols. It must be free and legal to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Accessible** - in order to reuse software, the software and its metadata must be retrievable by standard protocols, free and legally usable.
```
